She Walks in Beauty by Lord Byron
Read by Joseph Milsun for the BBC
She walks in beauty,
Like the night of cloudless climes and starry skies,
And all that's best of dark and bright meet in her aspect and her eyes,
Thus mellowed to that tender light which heaven to gaudy day denies.
One shade the more, one ray the less,
Had half impaired the nameless grace which waves
In every raven tress or softly lightens o'er her face,
Where thoughts serenely sweet express how pure,
How dear their dwelling place, and on that cheek,
And o'er that brow so soft, so calm, yet eloquent,
The smiles that win, the tints that glow,
But tell of days in goodness spent,
A mind at peace with all below,
A heart whose love is innocent.